# LICENSE
This program has been created under the Hadcl4 Studios Open Source License. You may freely redistribute this software as long as you may not make any money off of it. The only exception to this is a scenario such as posting a YouTube video of this software, as you would be making money off of your work, not money for the software itself. Software under this license has no worth in money. There is no warranty on this software, and is provided as is. But you are free to fork this software and modify it to your preferences, as long as the software remains under this license and is free and open-source. But you may add a second license under this license to add extra parameters to your fork/modified version of the software, as long as it does not infringe this license. Here at Hadcl4 Studios we promote Open-Source software, as the users, and the creators, both have control over the software. If you fork or modify this software, you must follow this license to you, the user, just as we do, the the creators of the software. If you fork or modify this software you must give credit to Hadcl4 Studios in your fork/modified version. Not giving credit is like stealing, so under this license you may not skip giving credit to us, the creators of the software. Hadcl4 Studios is not responsible for any damage caused by the software, error or not, and the user is responsible for the damage caused by the software. You may by no means blame Hadcl4 Studios for any damage, crashes, or any other harmful action towards your device. As a user of this software, you must agree to this license. If you do not agree but continue to use it unproperly, Hadcl4 Studios has the right to disable your use of the software, with or without notice, if needed.
## Specific to this Software
Thunder uses other software under different licenses. Make sure you do not infringe their licenses as well (if you modify them). Here is the 3rd party software used in Thunder:
#### Box86
#### Box64
#### Wine (technically not included, but can be used through Thunder)
#### Mednafen
There may be other software used by these 3rd party apps. Before forking Thunder, read through their licenses as well. If your fork would infringe one of their licenses, do not include that software in your forked version.

All game titles and covers used in things such as setup scripts we do not own. They are used for identification purposes only. Hadcl4 Studios does not own any of these titles and covers. The titles and covers each belong to their own owners.
